fixed update rn to support docker image update for CSP (#1967)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the reattach mechanism to the **upload** command, If you set the --input-config-file flag, any detached item in your XSOAR instance that isn't currently in the repo's SystemPacks folder will be re-attached.
* Fixed an issue in the **validate** command did not work properly when using the *-g* flag.
* Enhanced the dependency message shown when running **lint**.

> * Fixed an issue where *dockerimage* changes wasn't recognized for Scripts .yml files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where *dockerimage* changes in Scripts weren't recognized by the **update-release-notes** command.
```
